this show has the most unusual style of
any belly I've ever seen my name is
crystal Comstock and I'm the footwear
manager for the Royal erikak ballet
since under our story we have some
traditional ballet shoes used but a
great deal of character shoes that you
won't find in Giselle and Romeo and
Juliet and well something like Juliet
but in most classical to two ballets
they don't use satin ballrooms this
cinderella story has been set in 50s and
has been styled as scenes with some of
the costumes used to have a really
fifties flavor in terms of its of its
appearance and so the manner in black
jazz used most of the time and our our
prints in Cinderella loses his shoe
instead of the girl that was in her shoe
so we have a very highly painted highly
visible two-tone men's jazz shoe for the
boy to lose and the girl to pick up and
chase after me
these are shoes that we used in previous
productions and she was a very flat this
is a standard men's leather jazz she was
very flexible but so when he managed to
drop this on stage the dancer playing
Nancy has to pick it up and show it to
the audience and you know know that this
is his shoe and she must now find out
where this magical man lives and this
flat little pancake is not very helpful
so this year we switch to a different
variety of a kind of jazz shoe it has a
much more pronounced shape a much
clearer to find arch it holds body
better the dancer can take off the shoe
on stage and run off and leave it behind
our Nancy can pick it up and hold it up
to the audience to show them the fish
and fit in fact is a shoe and not just
some flat weird black and white thing
she picked up and that's for the ladies
the big difference with this show from
any traditional show are these ballroom
shoes these set in ballroom issues two
and a half inch high heel and these
shoes are not particularly stable
laterally so in order to adjust to that
we try to do things to the shoe to make
them more comfortable more supportive
for the dancers for instance these heel
covers what they wanted doing is give a
little more stability across that very
skinny heel Cinderella story uses a
whole gamut of dance options and dance
styles and possibilities and it is a
really extremely entertaining show it's
beautiful and it's funny and the
costumes are magnificent and the dancers
are of course astonished and delightful
because of the range of dance that they
get to do try this piece and I can see
the enjoyment of it so I hope you enjoy
it when you come to see it